---
hidden: true
headeronly: true
container: true
searchable: false
---

# Privacy Policy

Welcome to privacy policy page. This page is used to inform website visitors
regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal
Information if anyone decided to use our Service, the sphil `sphil.xyz` website.

## Who We Are, What We Do and How To Contact Us

sPhil / `sphil.xyz` is an online platform that allows users to create and share
content about philosophy and help build the website through open source
principles. The website and its hosting is owned and operated by Eru Iluvatar
Ltd., a company registered in the United Kingdom. sPhil or Eru Iluvatar Ltd.
does not lay claim to any contributions made to the website, whether it is
content or code, nor does it protect any content or code from being edited or
removed. If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please
contact us at [this e-mail address](mailto:service@systemphil.com).

## Changes To This Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated below, but we suggest
that you review it from time to time, as our website and our business may
change. As a result, at times it may be necessary for sPhil to make changes to
this Privacy Policy (and/or our Terms of Use). sPhil or Eru Iluvatar Ltd.
reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy and/or our Terms of
Use at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Your continued use
of the website after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall
indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.

## What Information Do We Collect

Non-Personal Information: We may collect non-personal information, such as
browser type, operating system, and website usage data. This information is used
for website analytics and to improve the user experience.

Cookies: We use cookies or similar technologies to collect and store information
about your use of our website. You can control cookie settings in your browser.
Particularly, we use Google Analytics to collect and process certain analytics
data. To learn more about Google Analytics and how to opt out, please visit
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.

### Symposia App Login and Authentication with Google and GitHub Providers

We offer the option to sign in to our app using Google or GitHub OAuth for a
convenient and secure login experience.

#### Google OAuth

When you sign in with Google, we collect the following information:

-   **Email Address:** Used to create your account, communicate with you, and
    send you relevant notifications.
-   **Profile Information (e.g., name, profile picture):** Used to personalize
    your experience within the app.

We take strict security measures to protect your data and comply with applicable
data privacy laws. Your data is stored securely and is only used for purposes
related to your experience with Symposia. We do not share your Google account
data with third parties except as required by law.

#### GitHub OAuth

When you sign in with GitHub, we collect the following information:

-   **GitHub Username:** Used to create your account and link your GitHub
    profile.
-   **Public Profile Information (e.g., name, profile picture):** Used for
    personalization and to integrate with GitHub-related features within the
    app.
-   **Email Address (if public on GitHub):** Used to create your account and
    communicate with you.

We do not store or access your GitHub credentials. Your GitHub data is handled
in accordance with [GitHub's privacy policy](https://github.com/privacy). If you
use features that integrate with GitHub, such as importing projects or
collaborating with other users, we only access the necessary data to provide
these features and do not retain unnecessary information.

#### OAuth Data Consent and Security

By using these OAuth options, you consent to the collection and use of your data
as described above. We employ industry-standard security measures to protect
your information and ensure compliance with relevant data privacy regulations.

For more details, please refer to the
[Google Privacy Policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy) and the
[GitHub Privacy Policy](https://github.com/privacy).

## Information We Collect Directly From You

You can generally visit our website without having to submit any personal
information.

### Device and Usage Information

When you download, use or interact with the website, even if you do not have an
account, we, or authorized third parties engaged by us, may automatically
collect information about your use of the website via your device, some of which
is considered personal information. "Device and Usage Information" that we
collect consists of:

**Information About your Device:** information about the devices and software
you use to access the website — primarily the internet browser or mobile device
that you use, the website or source that linked or referred you to the website,
your IP address or device ID (or other persistent identifier that uniquely
identifies your computer or mobile device on the Internet), the operating system
of your computer or mobile device, device screen size, and other similar
technical information.

**Usage Information:** information about your interactions with the site,
including access dates and times, hardware and software information, device
event information, log data, crash data, cookie data. This information allows us
to understand the screens that you view, how you've used the site (which may
include administrative and support communications with us), and other actions on
the site. We, or authorized third parties, automatically collect log data when
you access and use the site, even if you have not created an account or logged
in. We use this information to administer and improve the Services, analyze
trends, track users' use of the site, and gather broad demographic information
for aggregate use.

**Location Information:** we use a third-party database to map the general
location to which each IP address corresponds ("Location Information"). The
Location Information that is mapped from an IP address is limited to country and
city – we do not identify precise location. We use Location Information in order
to more effectively provide our marketing purposes.

### Cookies and Similar Technologies

sPhil uses cookies and similar technologies. Through our use of cookies (and
similar technologies), we or authorized third parties collect some Device and
Usage Information. Some cookies are necessary to make the website and our
content available to you, while others are meant to improve the website and
enable us to analyze and measure audience and traffic.

You can at any point opt out of cookies by navigating to the bottom of every
page and find the "Delete Cookies" link. This will delete all cookies from your
browser. You can also manually delete cookies from your browser settings on your
own by navigating to the dev tools (hit "F12"), go to "storage" or "application"
(depending on your browser this may be different), and locate cookies and
right-click to delete all cookies.

No cookies are stored prior to your consent.

## Analytics

With the Device and Usage Information collected by our third-party analytics
services, such as Google Analytics, as well as Log Data, we generate and process
aggregated information, such as statistical or demographic data. Aggregated
Information may be derived from personal data, but may not considered personal
data if it does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we
may track the total number of visitors to our website, or review Log Data, or
track the number of visitors to each page of our website. We aggregate this data
to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific feature of the website
and analyze this data for trends and statistics. We do not combine or connect
aggregated information with your personal data so it will not identify you. We
use this information to improve our website and our Services, for example, to
enhance the user experience, to improve the performance and content of our
website, to monitor and analyze the effectiveness of our marketing activities,
and to monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic,
usage, and demographic patterns on our website.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, please
contact us at [this e-mail address](mailto:service@systemphil.com).
