---
hidden: true
headeronly: true
container: true
searchable: false
---

# Terms of Use

## Who We Are, What We Do and How To Contact Us

sPhil / `sphil.xyz` is an online platform that allows users to create and share
content about philosophy and help build the website through open source
principles. The website and its hosting is owned and operated by Eru Iluvatar
Ltd., a company registered in the United Kingdom. sPhil or Eru Iluvatar Ltd.
does not lay claim to any contributions made to the website, whether it is
content or code, nor does it protect any content or code from being edited or
removed. If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please
contact us atÂ [this e-mail address](mailto:service@systemphil.com).

## Acceptance of Terms

By accessing and using this website, you agree to be bound by the following
terms and conditions. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this
website.

## Use of Google Analytics

We use Google Analytics to collect data for our marketing purposes. This data is
anonymous and does not include personally identifiable information. You can
learn more about how Google Analytics collects and processes data by visiting
[Google's Privacy Policy](https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites).

## Intellectual Property

The name "sphil" is along with its code is protected under the Apache License
2.0. You may not reproduce, distribute, or modify a content on any website or a
piece of software that has similar functionality with a similar name.

## Disclaimers

This website is provided "as is" and "as available" without any warranties,
express or implied. We make no representations or warranties regarding the
accuracy or completeness of the information provided on this website. We are not
responsible for any errors or omissions, or for any actions taken based on the
information on this website.

## Limitation of Liability

We are not liable for any damages, including direct, indirect, incidental,
consequential, or punitive damages, arising from the use of this website.

## Governing Law

These terms are governed by the laws of the United Kingdom (UK). Any disputes or
legal actions related to these terms shall be resolved in the courts of the
United Kingdom.

## Changes to Terms

We may update these terms from time to time. Any changes will be effective when
posted on this website. Your continued use of the website after the posting of
changes constitutes your acceptance of those changes.

## Contact Information

If you have any questions or concerns about these terms, please contact us at
[this e-mail address](mailto:service@systemphil.com).
