---
title: Overview
seoTitle: Overview of Existence in Hegel's Logic
description:
    Overview page for the category of existence from Hegel's Science of Logic.
isArticle: false
searchable: false
---

## Overview of Existence

Existence is a central term in the history of philosophy, holding a prominent
status. Entire schools of thought derive their names from it. In Hegel's
_Science of Logic_ we find, however, that existence comes to play a more modest
role, but nonetheless a very important one. In the Doctrine of Being, existence
is conceptualized as that which is _specifically_ what it is. What is minimally
this and _not_ that, or a being that is _distinguished_ in some fashion. It is,
in other words, the exponent of determinacy. Determinacy is a key matter not
only concerning the presuppositionless development of the categories but also
how to approach metaphysics and philosophy as a whole, and in this regard
existence does not merely open the door but is the entire gateway.

`Existence`, or `determinate being`, is the first category in Hegel's _Science
of Logic_ that is explicitly determinate. It is the most minimally determinate
category and shows what it means for something _to be_ determinate at all. This
determinacy is further specified in the idea of _quality_, which further entails
the twin notions of `reality` and `negation`. Finally, `existence` develops into
`something`, which is rendered opposed to an `other`, which marks the initial
appearance of `finitude`.

Through `something` and `other`, the categories of `determination` (not to be
confused with determinateness or `determinate being`), `constitution` and
`limit` are developed. It is from `limit` that `finitude` explicitly becomes
developed and with it `infinity` becomes explicit. Finally, it is through the
joint development of `finitude` and `infinity` that inaugurates
`being-for-itself`.

In the _Logic_, the chapter titled Existence covers all of the above mentioned
categories, but this section will only concern itself with `existence` as such.
Further categories will receive treatment in their own separate sections.

Another thing to note is that `existence` (_Dasein_) is to be distinguished from
the later `concrete existence` (_Existenz_) that features in the Doctrine of
Essence, the second part of Hegel's _Logic_.
